# TODO
- Fikse save og load av modell
- Teste med lavere number_of_open_positions når man lager treningsdata
- Teste med 1 trekk før spillet er ferdig
- Teste med 2 trekk før spillet er ferdig
- Teste med 3 trekk før spillet er ferdig
- Leke med parametere


Current best parameters
Alt standard untatt:
Number of examples 254

Run training Kaggle: python make_training_data.py --data-format kaggle --split False --number-of-items 254

# Abbreviations
## GTM - Graph Tsetlin Machine

# File purposes

## generate_hex_games
Probably to be deleted

## make_training_data
Make training data based on three different methods:
- Hex games generated by Christoffer Granmo's C code
- Kaggle dataset of Hex games
- Generate self made datasets

The generated datasets are saved under the *data* and subfolders indicating the method used to generate the datasets.

## train.py
Script for training a GTM. Specify the symbols, test/train data file paths. It then runs a training pipeline and saves the results to the a train/eval log folder. These logs are stamped with date and time and contains the following information:
- **boards-test**: Pretty printing of the boards in the test dataset
- **boards-eval**: Pretty printing of the boards in the evaluation dataset
- **clauses**: Contains the clauses generated by the GTM during training
- **hyperparams**: Hyperparameters used during training, eg: s, T, number of clauses
- **test-edge-type**: Edge type output from the GTM
- **test-hv**: Test data hypervectors
- **tm.pkl**: Hopefully a functioning pickle object of the GTM, making it possible to load it back into memory in the inference.py script
- **train**: Classical log output containing the train/test results and times.
  - The results are outputted as vectors, where we have the train/test prediction and the true value from the dataset.
- **plot**: Plot of the accuracy for each epoch

## inference.py
Currently not working. But the plan is to:
- Load a pre-trained GTM
- Run inference on provided data
- Log results

## format.py
Utility functions used by the *train.py* script.
- **add_hex_edges**: Add edges to a GTM
- **get_number_of_edges**: Gets the number of edges for a node based on it's position.
- **get_node_type**: Returns the position type of the node. The result is used in *get_number_of_edges*
- **init_graph**: Initialize a GTM. Sets the necessary nodes and edges
- **train_data_from_file**: Gets the training data from a file. Probably to be deleted as it is only a json.load() wrapper.
- **log_result**: Logs the result to the specified path
- **board_as_string**: Returns the hex game board as a string.
- **clauses_as_string**: Returns the clause logs as a string
- **save_tm**: Saves the GTM to a pickle file. Currently not working

## plot.py
Functions for making plots. Currently only contains a wrapper function for making a simple plot. A function for graphically plotting the hex board is started but not functioning.